docs: combo box lazy loading (#4199)
vaadin/docs: articles/components/combo-box/index.adoc

--

== Lazy Loading

> Combo Box supports lazy loading, which is useful when dealing with large datasets. This avoids having to load the whole dataset into memory and will only fetch data for the current filter and viewport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combo Box supports lazy loading, which is useful when dealing with large datasets. This avoids loading the whole dataset into memory and only fetches data for the current filter and viewport.
```
